you're a bun and that's all you'll ever
be a bun
are you stuck in a dead-end job personal
problems got you down I've lost my job
my apartment my car and my girlfriend
well the army can turn your life around
[Music]
a whole new breed of professionals learn
what it's like to feel like a man
[Music]
get your body into incredible shape
master important career skills this and
represent your country and foreign lands
Chicago so if you're a man who likes to
take charge of your own life
[Applause]
[Music]
and this looks like your kind of
challenge so I might understand that you
men completed your training on your own
join the wackiest brute that ever put on
a uniform gentlemen this is the em-50
urban assault vehicle and ride with them
as they Blundell across borders this is
interesting
[Music]
you